msiz790-v1.1.2: initial commit (#537)
3mdeb/news-and-ideas: blog/content/post/2023-09-08-msi_z690-a_v1.1.2_release.md

For coreboot hackers and enthusiasts who are apprehensive about bricking their
hardware while flashing open-source firmware, the MSI FlashBIOS Recovery
Support comes as a reassuring feature. As detailed in our documentation, it
eliminates the risk of a permanent brick, offering a straightforward recovery
pathway in case of BIOS corruption. This feature, demonstrated in the following
video, ensures you can experiment and optimize without the looming fear of
losing your hardware functionality. It's a safety net that encourages
exploration while maintaining system integrity, a boon for the open-source
firmware community.

{{< youtube iTkXunUAriE >}}

Of course, that means some microcontroller sitting on the mainboard can read
the filesystem and flash BIOS SPI under certain circumstances and have access
to a specific USB port. That microcontroller does not run open-source firmware
yet and could be leveraged by attackers with the ability to update it or have
physical access. The only reasonable protection for Intel platforms is Intel
Boot Guard with owner keys fused into the chipset, which we deliver as part of

> our Dasharo Enterprise offering.

Author: @miczyg1 fixed https://github.com/3mdeb/news-and-ideas/pull/537/commits/fd2d7b1d4890c1c92b103a222c7936afc90a655b

### Raptor Lake-S CPU Support

> We've started to add support for the upcoming Raptor Lake-S CPUs in Dasharo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added support for the Raptor Lake-S CPUs in Dasharo.
```

We finished, not started. Raptor Lake-S was upcoming a year ago (release date was 20th October 2022), now the Raptor Lake-S Refresh is upcoming.

firmware is not only for Linux users but can also be leveraged by Windows users
quickly and smoothly without compatibility issues.

{{< youtube K-v-veV_jvI >}}

### Support for Logo Customization

Dasharo now offers a feature that many users will find delightful - the ability
to customize the logo displayed during the boot process. As outlined in our
[guide](https://docs.dasharo.com/guides/logo-customization/), users can now
replace the existing logo with a design of their choice, adding a personal
touch to their system. Whether it's a fun image, a brand logo, or a personal
design, this feature allows users to infuse their personality into their
firmware, making the boot process a bit more enjoyable and unique to each
individual.

### UEFI 2.8 Errata C Compliance in EDKII Fork

![UEFI Logo](/img/368px-Logo_of_the_UEFI_Forum.svg.png)

In the v1.1.2 release, we have updated Dasharo to be compliant with the UEFI
2.8 Errata C specification, released in January 2021, a standard that dictates
how the firmware communicates with the operating system.

This transition brings a notable enhancement to the firmware's cryptographic

> system, introducing support for the SHA-3 hash algorithm, known for

Reviewer: I don't see SHA-3 anywhere in the following:
https://github.com/Dasharo/edk2/pull/62
https://github.com/Dasharo/edk2/pull/63
https://github.com/Dasharo/edk2/pull/64
https://github.com/Dasharo/edk2/pull/65

Where does it come from?

Author: @miczyg1 you are right that was plain wrong, I did analysis of the MRs you pointed and completely rewrote this section: https://github.com/3mdeb/news-and-ideas/pull/537/commits/87b20686469991eaa52f7b41b1680bea00288344
